As a user, I can register (#22)
gutakk/go-google-scraper: README.md

* [Go - 1.15](https://golang.org/doc/go1.15)
* [Docker](https://docs.docker.com/get-docker/)
* [Docker Compose](https://docs.docker.com/compose/install/)
* [NodeJS](https://nodejs.org/en/download/package-manager/)

## Create necessary dot env files
- Create `.env` file
- Create env dependent files (depend on your env)
  - `.env.release`
  - `.env.debug` (for development)
  - `.env.test`

> - Add values from `.env.example` (for env dependent variables eg. `DB_NAME` must add to dependent env  files)

Reviewer: Let's add some space between each section for maintainability and follow the heading hierarchy (h2 -> h3 not h4)

```suggestion
- Add values from `.env.example` (for env dependent variables eg. `DB_NAME` must add to dependent env  files)

## Usage

### Run the Go application for development
```

Author: Fixed in 2f18e660051fb9921c8edd14b1a4c70a615a8f6e

> - Add values from `.env.example` (for env dependent variables eg. `DB_NAME` must add to dependent env  files)

Reviewer: English:

```suggestion
- Add values from `.env.example` (env dependent variables eg. `DB_NAME` must be added to each dependent env file)
```

Author: Fixed in 30d1be4827d47295b8549c54aeef5c15ce040b76
